Add docs for SASL PLAIn support in Mirror Maker (#1588)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/book/con-kafka-connect-authentication.adoc

== SASL based PLAIN authentication

To configure Kafka Connect to use SASL-based PLAIN authentication, set the `type` property to `plain`.
This authentication mechanism requires a username and password.

> WARNING: The SASL PLAIN mechanism involves transferring the username and password across the network in cleartext.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: The SASL PLAIN mechanism will transfer the username and password across the network in cleartext.
```

> To configure Kafka Connect to use SASL based PLAIN authentication, set the `type` property to `plain`.

Reviewer 2: Use a hyphen for a compound adjective: SASL-based PLAIN authentication

This authentication mechanism requires a username and password.

> WARNING: SASL PLAIN mechanism transfers the username and password in cleartext over the network.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
WARNING: The SASL PLAIN mechanism involves transferring the username and password across the network in cleartext. Only use SASL-Plain authentication if TLS encryption is enabled.
```

> It should not be used without TLS encryption.

Reviewer 3: I would say in the other way around, "it should be used only with TLS encryption"
